hey youtube
- brawler again this time the review on
be striker probably can see from the
detail that it is going to be B striker
this is ball form he's got a three
honeycombs on him
on the front side this one is Ventus b2
designs like a B on him you gonna open a
month here he is this is B striker his
Ventus he has a 480 G's you find it on
the back of the wing over here like
right there they'll see that little
white parts I don't think my camera can
catch it but right there so this is B
striker he's got a his head goes in and
out I think that parts for closing he's
got two huge wings and as soon as he
opens up yeah I like this little stinger
you just flip out he's got red details
and a stinger part I think they made him
so he looked like he'd be ready to fly
in and sting something his eyes look
angry but his head's kind of small but
the ball is a little tilted like see oh
it's a little tilted forward yeah that's
uh she'll be striker crouching and ready
to attack I guess and oh if you all have
seen that video that one person made I
forget their name but they called it a
custom harm annoyed it's actually easy
to make
all you have to do is take a bee striker
for those of you who don't know and
place it like this and this is basically
all they did for one away that's it I
think it's a pretty cool customization I
think would have been better if they
were somehow able to put like a magnet
where these strikers have was originally
supposed to be so you could stay like
this and it could be just like a swap
Bakugan that would be pretty sweet
anyways back to the review these
strikers really neat I did a review
based on him just because he's I think
he's cool he doesn't have the strongest
T power and sometimes the wings can be a
little funny but I really like him
thanks for watching and see you next
time